If you want to live, water is indispensable. So it is necessary for everyone to drink water. As the living quality increases, people are having an increasing concern about the quality of drinking water, for example, peple prefer to drink mineral water or ionized water. Mineral water has many benefits to us. Firstly, it is a kind of natural antioxidant, preventing people from ageing. Secondly, it supplies more oxygen to our body, ensuring that every organ of our body is well-performed. Thirdly, it activates food digestion processes because drinking mineral water strengthen our stomach to secrete hydrochloric acid. Fourthly, it relieves the symtoms of osteoporosis due to calcium in the mineral water which makes our bones stronger. Last but not least, it makes the blood thinner, which benefits the old more. 

Since drinking mineral water has numerous benefits to our body, starting water bottling business will be pretty lucrative. Then, let’s discuss about how to enter water bottling industry and how to establish a water bottling factory. 

Water treatment system
There are many pollutants or substances which are harmful to people in the running water. Thus, at first the water needs to be purified or filtered by water treatment system. Try to select some water purification machines with appropriate structure and easy operation. 

Blowing system 
If you want to produce bottled water, you also need some items of bottle-blowing equipment. Now that everyone has a growing awareness of protecting the environment, the material of bottle chose should be eco-friendly. The better characteristics of bottle-blowing machines enjoy area-saving feature, high pressure, and stable operation

Filling system
The filling line is the main line in the whole water bottling production line. The fillin line includes two parts: the transportation system and the filling system. In the first system, the bottles will enter the bottle cases and be adjusted automatically, and then being conveyed to the next procedure – the filling system. Obviously, the filling system fills the purified water into the bottles. It would be better to select the water filling machines with high output and good stability. 

Labeling system
You also need to label the produced bottles with your brand. Now the labeling equipment with positioning module is more and more popular in the water bottling industry. 

Packing system
Packing system is an alternative system in this industry. Packing machines are used for automatically packing filled bottles in a box. The whole process needs to be precise and accurate. 

Now, start your water bottling business and good luck!
